HP Firmware Update and Recovery

The purpose of the HP Firmware Update and Recovery Utility is to provide a method for end-users 
to update the system BIOS, ME (Intel only), and other supported firmware on a system running MS Windows.

NOTES:
     1. [Path]\HPFIRMWAREUPDREC -? will display the available options for this utility.
     
     2. If the system has a BIOS Setup password enabled, then HPFIRMWAREUPDREC will prompt
        for the password to be entered before completing the update process.

USAGE:
  
     1. Close all other applications before launching HPFIRMWAREUPDREC. The system will
        restart to apply the update.

     2. Open the folder containing the application and firmware binary file.  Double-click
        on the HPFIRMWAREUPDREC icon. 

     3. HPFIRMWAREUPDREC will inform the user that a firmware update is about to occur.

     4. The version of the firmware image in the binary file and the version of the 
        current system firmware are displayed. Once OK is selected the system will restart 
        to begin the update process.

     5. Upon completion, the user is notified that the firmware update was successful.
        Select Restart.

     6. On restart, you may see the firmware performing the final update, and the system
        may reset several times before loading the operating system.

     7. When the system starts Windows, the system firmware update is complete.


ADVANCED USAGE:

     1. Close all other applications before launching HPFIRMWAREUPDREC.

     2. On the Windows Task Bar select Start, then Run, and enter 
        the following on the command line:
        [Path]\HPFIRMWAREUPDREC -f[bin file]

     3. HPFIRMWAREUPDREC will inform the user that a firmware update is about to occur.

     4. The version of the firmware image in the [bin file] and the version of the 
        current system firmware are displayed. Once OK is selected the system will
        restart to begin the update process.

     5. Upon completion, the user is notified that the firmware update was successful.
        Select Restart.

     6. On restart, you may see the firmware performing the final update, and the system
        may reset several times before loading the operating system.

     7. When the system starts Windows, the system firmware update is complete.



Command Line Options


-fBIN-file      Specifies the path to the .BIN image file, and does not change the working
                directory from the location of the utility. Default is *.BIN in the executable
                folder. Valid with all other options.

-ppassword-file Specify encrypted password file created with the HpqPswd utility. Valid with
                all other options.

-s              Silent mode. Suppresses all output.

-b              If BitLocker with TPM is in use, automatically suspend it.

-?              Show the same usage dialog that appears if an invalid command line is detected.
                This options overrides all other options, including -s.


Copyright (c) 2019 HP Development Company, L.P.


Product names mentioned herein may be trademarks and/or registered trademarks 
of their respective companies.
